---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bpkio_service_ad_insertion Data Source - bpkio"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# bpkio_service_ad_insertion (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    bpkio = {
      source = "bashou/bpkio"
    }
  }
}

provider "bpkio" {
}

#TODO: Create resource directly and remove hardcoded ID
data "bpkio_service_ad_insertion" "this" {
  id = 54235
}

output "service_output" {
  value = data.bpkio_service_ad_insertion.this
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (Number) The ID of the service.

### Optional

- `advanced_options` (Attributes) Advanced options for the service (currently for authorization headers) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--advanced_options))
- `transcoding_profile` (Attributes) Transcoding profile configuration for the service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transcoding_profile))

### Read-Only

- `creation_date` (String) The creation date of the service.
- `enable_ad_transcoding` (Boolean) Enable server-side ad transcoding (default: `false`).
- `live_ad_preroll` (Attributes) Configuration of live pre-roll (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--live_ad_preroll))
- `live_ad_replacement` (Attributes) Configuration of live mid-roll (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--live_ad_replacement))
- `name` (String) The name of the service.
- `server_side_ad_tracking` (Attributes) Configure server-side ad tracking. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server_side_ad_tracking))
- `source` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source))
- `state` (String) The state of the service (Default: `enabled`).
- `tags` (List of String) Tags associated with the service.
- `type` (String) The type of the service.
- `update_date` (String) The last update date of the service.
- `url` (String) The URL of the service.

<a id="nestedatt--advanced_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `advanced_options`

Optional:

- `authorization_header` (Attributes) Authorization header to be added to the request to the ad server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--advanced_options--authorization_header))

<a id="nestedatt--advanced_options--authorization_header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `advanced_options.authorization_header`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--transcoding_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transcoding_profile`

Read-Only:

- `content` (String)
- `id` (Number)
- `internal_id` (String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--live_ad_preroll"></a>
### Nested Schema for `live_ad_preroll`

Optional:

- `max_duration` (Number) Pre-roll maximum duration (in seconds)
- `offset` (Number) Pre-roll relative start time (in seconds)

Read-Only:

- `ad_server` (Attributes) Configuration of ad server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--live_ad_preroll--ad_server))

<a id="nestedatt--live_ad_preroll--ad_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `live_ad_preroll.ad_server`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The ID of the ad server source.
- `name` (String) The name of the ad server source.
- `query_parameters` (Attributes List) The query parameters passed to the ad server requests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--live_ad_preroll--ad_server--query_parameters))
- `type` (String) The type of the ad server source.
- `url` (String) The URL of the ad server source.

<a id="nestedatt--live_ad_preroll--ad_server--query_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `live_ad_preroll.ad_server.query_parameters`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the query parameter.
- `type` (String) The type of the query parameter (values: `custom`, `forward`, `from-query-parameter`, `from-variable`, `from-header`).
- `value` (String) The value of the query parameter.




<a id="nestedatt--live_ad_replacement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `live_ad_replacement`

Read-Only:

- `ad_server` (Attributes) Configuration of live ad-replacement (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--live_ad_replacement--ad_server))
- `gap_filler` (Attributes) Configure gap-filler (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--live_ad_replacement--gap_filler))
- `spot_aware` (Attributes) Configure spot-aware feature (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--live_ad_replacement--spot_aware))

<a id="nestedatt--live_ad_replacement--ad_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `live_ad_replacement.ad_server`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The ID of the ad server.
- `name` (String) The name of the ad server.
- `query_parameters` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--live_ad_replacement--ad_server--query_parameters))
- `type` (String) The type of the ad server.
- `url` (String) The URL of the ad server.

<a id="nestedatt--live_ad_replacement--ad_server--query_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `live_ad_replacement.ad_server.query_parameters`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the query parameter.
- `type` (String) The type of the query parameter (values: `custom`, `forward`, `from-query-parameter`, `from-variable`, `from-header`).
- `value` (String) The value of the query parameter.



<a id="nestedatt--live_ad_replacement--gap_filler"></a>
### Nested Schema for `live_ad_replacement.gap_filler`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The ID of the slate.
- `name` (String) The name of the slate.
- `type` (String) The type of the slate.
- `url` (String) The URL of the slate.


<a id="nestedatt--live_ad_replacement--spot_aware"></a>
### Nested Schema for `live_ad_replacement.spot_aware`

Read-Only:

- `mode` (String) Spot-aware mode (values: `french_addressable_tv`, `spot_to_live` or `disabled`)



<a id="nestedatt--server_side_ad_tracking"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server_side_ad_tracking`

Read-Only:

- `check_ad_media_segment_availability` (Boolean) Check ad media segment availability (default: `false`).
- `enable` (Boolean) Enable server-side ad tracking (default: `false`).


<a id="nestedatt--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of the source.
- `format` (String) The format of the source.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the source.
- `multi_period` (Boolean) Enable multi-period support for the source.
- `name` (String) The name of the source.
- `origin` (Attributes) Origin configuration for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source--origin))
- `type` (String)
- `url` (String) The URL of the source.

<a id="nestedatt--source--origin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source.origin`

Read-Only:

- `custom_headers` (Attributes List) Custom headers to be added to the request to the origin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source--origin--custom_headers))

<a id="nestedatt--source--origin--custom_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source.origin.custom_headers`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the custom header.
- `value` (String) Value of the custom header.
