---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bpkio_source_adserver Resource - bpkio"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# bpkio_source_adserver (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    bpkio = {
      source = "bashou/bpkio"
    }
  }
}

provider "bpkio" {
}

resource "bpkio_source_adserver" "this" {
  name        = "foobar-test-tf-b"
  description = "test"
  url         = "https://ad.server/endpoint"

  //TODO: Handle case when query_parameters is empty
  query_parameters = []
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the adserver.
- `url` (String) The URL of the adserver.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the adserver. This field is optional and can be used to provide additional information about the adserver.
- `queries` (String, Deprecated) The queries associated with the adserver. This field is optional and can be used to specify additional query parameters for the adserver.
- `query_parameters` (Attributes List) A list of query parameters for the adserver. Each parameter has a type, name, and value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--query_parameters))

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) ID of the adserver. This is a unique identifier for the adserver resource.
- `type` (String) The type of the adserver. This is a read-only field.

<a id="nestedatt--query_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `query_parameters`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the query parameter. This field is required and must be a valid string.
- `type` (String) The type of the query parameter. This field is required and must be one of the following values: 'from-query-parameter', 'from-variable', 'from-header', 'forward', or 'custom'.
- `value` (String) The value of the query parameter. This field is required and must be a valid string.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Adserver Source can be imported by specifying the numeric identifier.
terraform import bpkio_source_adserver.example 123
```
